The ballot in Elgin City North was forced by the resignation of a councillor just days after he was elected in May's local elections. Sandy Cooper, 72, was one of three people chosen to represent Elgin North. He stood as an independent candidate. However, he then tendered his resignation in a letter to the council's chief executive.
The 18-year-old victim was reportedly approached from behind in Old Christchurch Road, Bournemouth, at about 06:30 BST on Friday, police said. He has since been released from hospital after treatment for a serious cut to his neck. A 59-year-old Bournemouth man is due before Poole magistrates. Two men, aged 32 and 56, who were also arrested on suspicion of attempted murder have been released pending further inquiries.
City had led in the first half through Julie Fleeting's goal. However, Hibs were level by the break as Lucy Graham tucked home on the rebound after Lizzie Arnot's penalty had been saved. And, with time running out, a ball into the Glasgow box was deflected into the net by Arnot to give Hibs victory at the death.
The Met Office said wintery showers on Friday night could lead to ice forming as temperatures fall. Up to 3cm (1.1in) of snow may fall on high ground and travel conditions could be "tricky", it added. The warning is in place until 10:00 GMT on Saturday. It covers Conwy, Denbighshire, Flintshire, Gwynedd, Powys, Wrexham, Ceredigion, Carmarthenshire, Merthyr Tydfil, Rhondda Cynon Taff, Neath Port Talbot, Blaenau Gwent, Caerphilly and Swansea.
10 November 2015 Last updated at 07:07 GMT Joseph Garrett, the man behind Stampy, joined fans Seth and Amber to gave them a special Stampy Minecraft session. He also took time out to give you guys some of his top tips too.
Two women were also taken to hospital after their cars were involved in the collision with the man's silver Skoda Octavia. The crash happened on the A4058 Trehafod bypass in Hopkinstown, near Pontypridd, Rhondda Cynon Taff, at about 20:00 GMT on Tuesday. Both the women, aged 31 and 46, were drivers in the other two cars. South Wales Police said they were both taken to the Royal Glamorgan Hospital but their injuries were not believed to be life-threatening.
The officers assisted in the arrests of the men, aged between 17 and 56, after reports of weapons being used in Newport, Shropshire, on Thursday. The victim, a man in his 30s, sustained serious hand injuries and other minor injuries, believed to have been caused by a bladed instrument, police said. The men were arrested on suspicion of causing grievous bodily harm. The man is being treated in hospital, a spokesman said. Anyone who witnessed the incident in Vineyard Road is asked to contact the force.
Harry Gurney got rid of Tom Smith for a 16-ball duck, before Petersen made 73 not out and Procter 63 not out. The pair's stand of 151 was a new one-day record for any wicket at Blackpool, beating 146 between David Lloyd and Farokh Engineer against Sussex in 1976. Rain then arrived and play was eventually called off at 16:15 BST. Notts, who had scored over 400 in their previous two games, would have gone top of their group with a victory. Both sides are next in action on Wednesday when Lancashire have a home Roses match against Yorkshire and Nottinghamshire travel north to take on Durham.
Merseyside Police were called after the Mercedes Sprinter was taken from outside Liverpool Philharmonic Hall on 26 October. Officers said a vehicle discovered in the Tuebrook area three days later has since been identified as the tour bus. The comic has tweeted his thanks to the police and the "good people of Liverpool" for their help. Mr Bailey's manager said the van had been given false number plates and had suffered "minor" crash damage. A laptop, several bags and suitcases belonging to the crew remain missing, he added. Merseyside Police said they were continuing to search for a man pictured in CCTV images released after the theft.
Molly-Mae Wotherspoon, who was six months old, was attacked by an American pit bull in October 2014 at a house in Daventry, Northamptonshire. Claire Riley, 23, had denied being in charge of a dangerously out of control dog resulting in death, but changed her plea on the first day of her trial. Molly-Mae's grandmother, Susan Aucott, 55, admitted the same charge last week. Live: Follow updates on this story as they happen Aucott, of Alfred Street, Northampton, was looking after her granddaughter at Riley's former home in Morning Star Road when the dog, called Bruiser, attacked her. Molly-Mae suffered severe blood loss from head wounds. The dog was put down at the scene. Riley, of Merrydale Square, Northampton, will be sentenced at Northampton Crown Court along with Aucott later.
The Skyslide spans 45 ft from the 70th to the 69th floor of the US Bank Tower in the city. Despite being made of glass just one inch thick, it is built to withstand hurricane-force winds and earthquakes. Tickets cost $25 (Â£18) each. It is part of the Skyspace renovation that also includes an observation deck. Some visitors got a preview earlier in the week. "I thought it was nerve-wracking and exciting and daring," said Keri Freeman. "I went a lot faster than I thought I would," said Rebecca Fitzgerald. "And you kind of like hit the side as you're coming around the curve, so you're really pressed up against the glass, so you see the whole world below you, but it's not really that scary."
The health board still has to find savings of £8.2m before the end of March to break even this financial year. More than £10m of the projected deficit was due to costs incurred at Raigmore Hospital in Inverness. However, in October NHS Highland had managed to bring this figure down to £6m. The health board has been criticised for its financial situation in recent months. Scotland's financial watchdog highlighted concerns about the accounts of NHS Highland in a report laid out in the Scottish Parliament in October. Audit Scotland stated that weaknesses in financial management were a factor in the health board requiring a £2.5m loan from the Scottish government to break even last financial year.
Steven Wood, 27, had been chatting to road workers after delivering a load of tarmac before the incident happened in Largs, Ayrshire, in September 2013. John Woods, 86, died after the lorry rolled down Waterside Street and collided with a car, which struck a house and garage before hitting him. A jury found Mr Wood not guilty of causing death by careless driving. Giving evidence at Kilmarnock Sheriff Court, Gary McRoberts, who had been driving a road roller when the lorry started to move, said: "Steven tried to run after it but it was going too fast by that time. Everything happened quite quick. "By the time I turned around Steven was chasing it but it was going too fast and getting away from him. It was picking up speed all the time." Mr Woods suffered fatal injuries in the incident. Prosecutors had claimed Mr Wood, from Hurlford in Ayrshire, left his engine running and failed to properly apply the handbrake or turn the wheels to the kerb when he stopped.
Media playback is unsupported on your device 28 July 2015 Last updated at 19:00 BST Six cameras and a mobile detection unit were introduced last month to catch drivers illegally using the lanes, but a timing problem with the cameras has since been discovered. Motorists who have been incorrectly issued with fines, when they had committed no driving offence, will now be refunded. BBC Newsline's Michael Fitzpatrick reports.
Officers and paramedics were called to New Road at about 10:20 BST on Tuesday. The man was pronounced dead at the scene. North Wales Police said it has started an investigation into the man's death.
Stephen Spavins from Spalding died when his aircraft crashed to the ground at Tempsford near the Black Cat roundabout on the A1 on Tuesday. The other aircraft was able to carry on flying and landed safely at Thurleigh airfield. The Air Accidents Investigation Branch is investigating.
The UK's first H5N8 strain in a wild bird was found in a wigeon at an estuary near the Wildfowl and Wetland Trust's Llanelli Wetland Centre. The centre closed "as a precautionary measure". But on Sunday it said all birds "look fine" and the animals would be watched closely. The Welsh Government said it was the first time the H5N8 strain had been found in a wild bird in the UK. Restrictions were imposed across Britain to keep birds indoors after the disease came to light across Europe, the Middle East and north Africa. The risk to human health is low.
The rise applies to patients in Northern Ireland, according to a report by the Department of Health. Ministerial targets aim for no longer than a nine-week wait for a first outpatient appointment. But at the end of June 2016 more than 30,000 patients were waiting more than 52 weeks for their first appointment. That is 6% more than in June last year. It also equated to more than 10% of all of those waiting for an appointment - some 225,593 patients. The number of people waiting to be admitted to hospital as an inpatient has also increased. More than 70,000 patients are on the list for inpatient care - 10,000 more than this time last year. Of the people on the list for inpatient care, almost 7,000 had been waiting for more than a year. The waiting times for medical tests or procedures has also gone up. At the end of June more than 96,000 people were waiting for such a service.
Betham, 28, and forwards Graham Kitchener, 27, Dom Barrow, 23, and Will Evans, 19, have also agreed new deals. Head coach Aaron Mauger, who is in temporary charge following Richard Cockerill's sacking, was "delighted". "Continuity of your core group is very important," Mauger told BBC Radio Leicester. "Pete has had a good couple of years and there is a lot more to get out of him. We are excited to work with him for another couple of years. "Kitch is athletic and dynamic and he now has a lot of experience under his belt in big games. "Dom is another relatively young guy who has a massive amount of potential and has the right attitude as well. He is an ultimate professional." Betham added: "I'm ecstatic. I am very humbled and blessed to be able to spend a couple more years here. I have found a home here and wouldn't want to be anywhere else." Tigers are fifth in the Premiership, 18 points adrift of leaders Wasps having lost six of their 13 league games so far this season.
15 March 2016 Last updated at 16:12 GMT Russia has announced that it's sending home fighter planes from the country which many people think is positive step. The BBC's Geneva correspondent Imogen Foulkes explains what this means for peace talks happening in Switzerland right now.
Stephen Moore, 44, of Conwy, denied harassment by making four calls on his iPad with the last one showing him with a rope around his neck in an attic. Prosecutor Justin Espie told Llandudno magistrates' court he began screaming and the woman had alerted police. A district judge freed Moore from custody on conditional bail until his trial on 16 May.
Ross Waterhouse, aged 22, of Hyde Park, Leeds, pleaded not guilty to charges of kidnap and rape. Matthias Buchmeier, 30, of Manor Park, Scarcroft, denied one count of kidnap. Both men were remanded in custody to stand trial on 3 April. A third man arrested in connection with the incident remains on police bail.
Charlotte Cobbald, 17, had been spending time on her father's farm on 4 August last year. The inquest in Bury St Edmunds heard she had been treated for anorexia and depression before her death. Recording a narrative verdict, assistant coroner Yvonne Blake said she believed Miss Cobbald had acted on impulse. There was not enough evidence to record a suicide verdict, Ms Blake said. The inquest heard Miss Cobbald was being treated in a mental health unit in Colchester prior to her death. On the day of her death, she was spending time away from the unit with her father Stephen. Her mother Hilde and her father have campaigned to increase awareness of anorexia and gain more government funding for its treatment. Speaking in September, Mr Cobbald said: "We had noticed a subtle change in her temperament and then by the autumn we noticed Charlotte was not eating as much as she used to. "Slowly and surely it [anorexia] crept up on us and Charlotte."
The camera and medical equipment maker reported net profit of 8.02bn yen ($101m; Â£63m) compared with a loss of 32bn yen in the same period last year. The profit was partly due to the sale of some subsidiaries but its medical systems unit also made a profit. The camera business made a loss as a result of the strong yen and popularity of camera-equipped smartphones. The strong yen is bad news for Japanese exporters because it makes their products more expensive overseas. In November last year, Olympus admitted to hiding billions of yen of losses over 20 years in one of Japan's biggest corporate scandals. The company and three of its former executives were charged by prosecutors in March in connection with the scandal. Olympus is engaged in a five-year restructuring plan, which will involve reducing its global workforce by 7% by 2014 and cutting the number of its factories around the world from 30 to 18 by 2015.
The leaders of the Conservatives, Labour and the Lib Dems appear to have adopted a political uniform of dark blue jumpers over light blue shirts out on the campaign trail. Whether he's out pressing the flesh on the campaign trail or busy kissing babies, David Cameron looks quite at home in his blue jumper/shirt combination. And he's not the only one... as Ed Miliband has shown. Nick Clegg has also adopted the look, meaning that the trio end up looking much the same, while they are trying to persuade voters how different they are. And it hasn't gone unnoticed on social media... with journalists drawing attention to the political wardrobe malfunction. Written by Kerry Alexandra
Wales international Knowles, 19, has agreed a new three-year deal at Langtree Park after scoring three tries in 18 appearances this season. Fleming, who has scored three tries in 12 appearance since making his debut in 2015, has agreed to extend his contract until the end of the 2017 season. Saints are fourth in Super League and on course to reach the play-offs. Knowles joined St Helens from Barrow Island as a 15-year-old and head coach Keiron Cunningham said: "Morgan's transition from academy player to professional has been superb and is down to his dedication both on and off the field. "This contract rewards that hard work and what impresses me about Morgan is he isn't the finished article and wants to continue to learn and develop." On Fleming, he told the club website: "He is dependable and his rise to the first team in an example to the younger members in the club."
James Duffus and Alastair Cormack, both 94, and Robert Lerche, 95, were presented with the Legion d'Honneur by Emmanuel Cocher, the French consul general in Scotland. He said: "France will never forget the bravery they showed in taking part in the Liberation of France 70 years ago." The ceremony was followed by a civic reception for the veterans. Lord Provost George Adam said "These brave men put their lives on the line to protect our freedom here at home and to liberate Europe. "These awards from the government of France are a great honour and a reminder to us all of the huge sacrifices made by so many men and women during the conflict." Presentations have been taking place across the country since the 70th anniversary of D-Day.
CorporateHealth International ApS is to invest Â£5.7m in establishing a new diagnostics centre at the Inverness Campus. The centre's staff will analyse images captured by video camera capsules - small devices swallowed by patients. The capsules offer an alternative to diagnostic endoscopies and colonoscopies. Highlands and Islands Enterprise is supporting the project with investment of Â£600,000. CorporateHealth International UK Ltd, a subsidiary of the Danish firm, will run the centre.
The Welsh Blood Service in south, mid and west Wales will merge with NHS Blood and Transplant in north Wales to form a single service from May 2016. The move will create 16 new jobs in Wrexham and south Wales, as well as an extra 25 donation clinics. The Welsh government said the new service will create long-term savings of Â£596,000 per year. Health Minister Mark Drakeford said: "The service will use the latest technology and scientific developments to ensure every Welsh pound invested in blood-related services meets the needs of the people of Wales."
26 January 2016 Last updated at 07:12 GMT Eating and drinking too much sugar can be bad for your health, but sometimes it's tricky to know exactly how much sugar is in the food we buy. So now an app supported by the government in England, has been launched to help you work out what's in your food. You scan the item's barcode and it should tell you the amount of sugar in it. Ricky went to meet some kids who have been keeping a close eye on what they eat.
The Northern Ireland international spent last term on loan with Scottish Premiership side Dundee United, where he scored 13 goals in 35 games. He moved to the Latics from Inverness Caledonian Thistle in January 2015, but has made only one start for them. Mckay links up with his national team assistant boss Stephen Robinson, who took charge at Boundary Park last week.
8 February 2015 Last updated at 14:14 GMT The harsh winter of 2013 was really bad news for many animals, and especially barn owls because they weren't able to hunt for food. The birds have also been hit by other factors such as lack of habitat, road traffic accidents, and rat poison used by farmers. Now a study by the Barn Owl Trust shows they're back from the brink thanks to a baby boom. Martin meets Andrew Campbell from The Owl Experience and Bird of Prey Rescue Centre in Stafford - and barn owl Lilly! - to talk about the work being done to help barn owls.
Tinodiwanashe Makwanya was shot in the head as he sat in the passenger side of a Volkswagon car just after 22:00 BST on Friday. Officers said it is thought a motorcyclist with a pillion passenger pulled up alongside the car on Wellesley Road in Croydon. The car driver took the victim to hospital, where police were alerted. Six minutes after police were first called, officers were told Mr Makwanya had died when he arrived at the hospital. Det Insp Domenica Catino said: "Croydon town centre would have been busy with people out and about on a Friday night and I would appeal to anyone who was in the area and saw the events unfolding to contact police. "At this stage we retain an open mind to the motive for this shooting and our enquiries continue." No-one has been arrested in connection with the shooting.
The move follows a police raid on the property in Morningside which houses a children's play centre. The drug was found growing in the loft of Tiki Tots in Nile Grove on Tuesday. The 53-year-old man was reported to the procurator fiscal under Section 7 of the Civic Government (Scotland) Act 1982.
Bridget Leggat, 55, called police while her son was in prison, claiming to be the girl and made false rape claims in a bid to blacken her name. Leggat was caught when the calls made in April and May 2013 were traced. She admitted attempting to defeat the ends of justice and was ordered to carry out 240 hours of unpaid work. At Glasgow Sheriff Court, Leggat, from Coatbridge, North Lanarkshire, was also told she will be supervised for 12 months. Her son, 30-year-old son Donald Kennedy, from Glasgow, was jailed for six years and four months last year after he admitted having sex with an underage girl and breaching an order banning him from contacting children.
God Save the Queen is the national anthem for the UK as a whole but after today's vote MPs have said that England should have its own anthem in the same way as Scotland and Wales. Scotland's anthem is Flower of Scotland, while Welsh people sing Hen Wlad Fy Nhadau. Prime Minister David Cameron's choice would be Jerusalem, which is popular among groups campaigning for England's own anthem. Other choices include Land of Hope and Glory,  I Vow To Thee My Country and There'll Always Be an England - or an entirely new national anthem could be written. There's plenty of time to think about it; MPs will discuss it again in March before a final decision on whether to go ahead with a new anthem for England is made.
The American, 31, suffered the injury on Saturday while competing in Andorra. Vonn continued to race in a knee brace the following day, setting the fastest time in the super-G leg and finishing 13th in the combined event to extended her overall lead to 28 points. But scans have revealed she suffered three fractures to her tibial plateau, meaning she can no longer compete. Vonn, a 2010 Olympic gold medallist, set a new record for women's World Cup downhill victories in January and has won 76 World Cup races in total. Four-time World Cup champion Vonn said in a statement: "Because I am currently leading the overall World Cup standings, this is one of the toughest decisions of my career." "Further damage to any of the fragments could result in a serious surgery that would risk my future in ski racing. "With the World Championships in St Moritz next year and the Winter Olympics in South Korea the following year, I cannot take that risk."
Mitch Claydon (4-35) dismissed Gloucestershire's top-scorer Chris Dent (67) before three quick wickets left the away side on 115-8. David Payne (20) and Chris Liddle added valuable runs, but Kent extended their first-innings lead of 149 through Joe Weatherley's 34 and Joe Denly's 59. Kent finished day two with a commanding lead of 267 runs and six wickets left. Gloucestershire began the day on 9-1, but their batting effort was undermined by the loss of regular wickets, with James Harris (3-42) continuing his impressive debut and Darren Stevens taking 2-42. After the early loss of Daniel Bell-Drummond to Liam Norwell (2-38), Kent progressed steadily and although they lost Weatherley, Denly and captain Sam Northeast, they hold the upper hand with six second-innings wickets remaining.
Sampaoli, 57, has steered Sevilla to a fourth-placed finish in La Liga after taking charge last summer. "My contract with the club contains clauses which allow me to leave," said Argentine Sampaoli. "There's a clear desire from my country to have me as coach and I've had a dream of taking that chance." Former Chile boss Sampaoli steered Sevilla to the last 16 of the Champions League before losing 3-2 on aggregate to Leicester City. Argentina sacked Edgardo Bauza last month after eight matches as coach. Sampaoli said he rejected the chance to take charge of Argentina last year. "I feel I would only leave for the benefit of my career and despite not being able to keep on managing in one of the best leagues, taking over my national team is something I could not refuse now. "But the decision will be made by the president, there is a contract to respect and nothing has been resolved yet."
Last Thursday police searched properties in Rose Hill, Blackbird Leys and a travellers' site in Redbridge Hollow, in Hinksey Hill. A 59-year-old woman and an 81-year-old man, of Oxford, have been arrested on suspicion of fraud, assault and slavery offences. Operation Rague relates to suspected human exploitation, slavery and fraud. Two people, both from Redbridge Hollow, Oxford, have already been charged with slavery offences and remanded in custody by Oxford magistrates. Helen Collins, 44, was charged with fraud and slavery offences and a 44-year-old man was charged with harassment, blackmail and assault and slavery offences. He is due at Oxford Crown Court on 17 April.
Barry Wilkins, 71, was attacked at his flat in Norrington Road, Northfield, Birmingham, in November 2013. Susan Hughes, 48, was convicted of murder in August. Police said she was overheard attacking Mr Wilkins even as she made a 999 call. On Monday, a judge at Birmingham Crown Court sentenced her to life. Det Sgt Harry May said: "In a drunken argument she armed herself with a large kitchen knife and violently attacked Barry in the bedroom. "Whilst she was attacking him she called the 999 system and whilst on the phone she was heard attacking Barry, physically and verbally abusing him." During the trial, the jury was told Hughes was overheard by an emergency operator saying "I wish I had stabbed your throat, love". Hughes, previously of Linley Grove, Kings Heath, used a kitchen knife with a 20cm blade to stab Mr Wilkins, who died on New Year's Eve. Mr May said Hughes had shown no remorse since the attack.
The arrest followed an incident involving armed police at Shrewsbury Close on Wednesday. Gwent Police is investigating alleged robberies at stores at Malpas Road and Albany Street at 08:15 BST and 08:21. Chief Supt Marc Budden said officers responded quickly to "ensure there was little risk to the local community". The man has also been arrested for possessing a firearm with intent to cause fear or violence.
The Northern Ireland Fire and Rescue Service (NIFRS) said it received a call to Circular Road at about 20:49 BST on Tuesday. Four appliances and one aerial appliance are at the scene. The fire is understood to be at a derelict building.
The eight-lane pool will be built as an extension to the city's Perdiswell Leisure Centre. The previous Labour administration had planned a smaller six-lane pool but the ruling Conservative group has scaled up the plans. Councillor Alan Amos said the city's population was expanding and needed a pool "for the future". "I could never understand why anyone would want a six-lane pool when we could have an eight-lane and that's what we've voted for," he said. Worcester City Council has bid for funding from Sport England to cover "about a fifth of the cost" of the pool. The rest of the money will come from "prudential borrowing" or capital receipts from the sale of the site of the current swimming pool in Sansome Walk, the council said. The new pool is expected to open in 2017.
Firefighters were called to a blaze, now stretching over six miles (10km), near Nant Ddu Lodge hotel, north of Merthyr Tydfil, at 16:00 BST. Meanwhile, about 20 firefighters are at the scene of a mountain fire at Cwm Cadlan, Penderyn, near Aberdare. Crews from Aberdare and Tonypandy are using leaf blowers, beaters and a 4x4 vehicle to tackle the blaze. Crews have also dealt with smaller grass and gorse fires in Ebbw Vale, Pontypridd, Mountain Ash, Treorchy and the Merthyr Vale area.
The incident took place in the city of Belgorod, 670km (440 miles) south of the capital, Moscow, on 29 December. The patient had earlier kicked a nurse, after which the doctor punched him in the head, Russian media reported. Investigators think it was a case of "involuntary manslaughter", one official told Russian TV, but have launched a criminal case. The story went viral after the CCTV footage came to light. Yelena Kozyreva from the local investigations committee said they believed there was no malicious intent in the doctor's actions. Relatives identified the patient as Yevgeniy Bakhtin, 56, a resident of Belgorod, LifeNews TV reported. The doctor has been named as Ilya Zelendinov, according to the privately owned channel Ren TV.
Media playback is unsupported on your device 17 November 2014 Last updated at 08:08 GMT One type of homophobic bullying is when people use words like "gay" or "lesbian" as an insult. Homophobic bullying became an issue for Jessica and Libby on CBBC show Our School. Somebody called Jessica a lesbian (a girl who dates girls) to try and upset her. Jessica and Libby told a teacher what had happened and the school held a workshop to tackle homophobic bullying.
Karen and Jade Hales, aged 53 and 28, were found at the property in Cathedral Road, Anfield, on Monday. Post-mortem examinations found they died from severe blunt force head injuries, police said. Anthony Showers, 42, of Clarendon Road, Anfield, appeared before magistrates in Sefton and was remanded to appear at Liverpool Crown Court on 20 June. Neighbours said that Jade looked after her mother as her full-time carer and was regularly seen walking her dog, Tyson, a Staffordshire bull terrier, that was also found dead.
According to her representative, the Kill Bill star "was training on a young thoroughbred who got spooked. She was thrown and broke a few bones". Thurman's publicist confirmed the 46-year-old star had been hurt after she was reportedly seen "walking gingerly" into a restaurant on the island. It is not known exactly when or where the accident occurred. Boston-born Thurman is known for films including Pulp Fiction, Dangerous Liaisons and My Super Ex-Girlfriend. The actress has two children with her ex-husband, Ethan Hawke, and a third with financier Arpad Busson, to whom she was once engaged.
The pictures were published by the team investigating the 1989 tragedy, in which 96 people died after a crush during an FA Cup game in Sheffield. In total, pictures of 100 people at the Liverpool v Nottingham semi-final match have been released in 10 appeals. Of those, 47 have been identified or have come forward. Images of those yet to be traced are available on the Operation Resolve website. New inquests into the disaster are being held in Warrington, Cheshire.
Beverley, Doncaster, Middlesbrough, Otley, Scarborough and Settle have all been chosen and the exact route will be announced in December. The three-day men's race will start on 29 April, with a women's race held on Saturday 30 April. The event was held for the first time in May this year and was watched by an estimated 1.2m people. It was established after Yorkshire hosted the Tour de France Grand Depart in 2014. The event organisers, Welcome to Yorkshire, said it had received 14 expressions of interest from towns wanting to host a start or finish 2016 event. The inaugural men's race was won by Norwegian Lars-Petter Nordhaug for Team Sky. More than 140 riders took part in the 500km (310 miles) race, including Olympic champion and Tour de France winner Sir Bradley Wiggins.
Two people were seriously hurt and 31 injured in a suspected gas blast at New Ferry, Wirral, on 25 March. The man, from Cheshire, was arrested in May on suspicion of conspiring to commit arson with intent or recklessness and a fraud offence. A Merseyside Police spokesman said he is "no longer under investigation". Police are still investigating a 62-year-old man from North Wales and a man, aged 55, from Wirral.
A World Cup winner with Italy in 2006, Toni has scored 156 Serie A goals in 343 games - for eight different clubs. He became the oldest player - at 38 - to win the Serie A golden boot, finishing joint top with Mauro Icardi last season on 22 goals. Toni also had a spell in Germany and was the Bundesliga's top scorer in 2007-08 with Bayern Munich. In 2005-06, he won the European Golden Shoe, for the leading goalscorer in the continent, with 31 goals for Fiorentina.
Michael Preston, 20, of Durban Road, Grimsby, was found guilty following a trial at Sheffield Crown Court. Preston stabbed Dean Southwick, 29, in Churchill Way, Grimsby, on 9 October. Mr Southwick later died in Diana, Princess of Wales Hospital. He also stabbed and seriously injured 18-year-old Charlie Day in the same attack. Preston had denied murder and attempted murder, but admitted manslaughter and wounding. He will serve a minimum of 26 years in prison. Det Supt Umberto Cuozzo said: "No one would have foreseen that a small gathering of friends could have ended in such tragic and horrific circumstances. "Preston maintained his innocence during the trial in order to try and convince that he did not act unlawfully. "The jury saw through this account and have found him guilty of the murder of Dean and the attempted murder of Charlie. I hope this verdict provides some comfort to his family knowing justice has been done."
Officers searched the address on Accrington Road in Blackburn at about 19:45 BST on Wednesday. The women, aged in their 20s, were believed to have been brought to the UK from Romania and are in a place of safety, police said. The men, aged 30, 31 and 33, were being questioned. Det Insp Mark Vaughton, of Lancashire Police, said: "These arrests are part of our ongoing work under Operation Proteus, in which we have a dedicated team working to identify both the victims and perpetrators of trafficking and slavery across Lancashire."
Pakistan moved to within 30 runs of Zimbabwe's total of 172 without losing a wicket, before a batting collapse almost cost them the Twenty20 match. Skipper Shahid Afridi hit his first ball for four to give his side victory with three balls to spare in Lahore. Gunmen attacked buses carrying the Sri Lanka team in the city six years ago. Beforehand, fans waited at the Gaddafi Stadium in temperatures of 43 degrees Celsius and faced frequent security checks. Both teams arrived at the stadium in a fleet of vans carrying armed guards. Dozens of CCTV cameras were installed in the surroundings of Nishtar Park, where the Gaddafi Stadium is located. Tickets for both Friday's and Sunday's T20s in Lahore were sold out within two days, and the teams will also play three one-day internationals at the venue next week.
Membership and ticket sales were up by 20% on 2014, while commercial income passed the £500,000 mark for the first time, a 30% increase. "A fifth successive year of surplus is another step in the right direction," said chief executive Simon Storey. "We need to build on this to increase investment in the playing budget." Following relegation in 2013, Derbyshire finished fourth in Division Two of the County Championship in 2014, only to drop to eighth in 2015, 35 points clear of bottom club Leicestershire. They finished bottom of the North Group in the T20 Blast, winning just four of their 14 matches and came seventh in their One-Day Cup group, narrowly missing out on a quarter-final place.
Net income at the company fell to $223.8m (Â£145m) in the three months to September, down from $331.8m a year earlier, while Barbie doll sales fell by 4%. The stronger dollar also hurt revenue from overseas markets. The chief executive, Christopher Sinclair, said the results were "broadly in line" with expectations. The company has been struggling as children increasingly turn to electronic games and tablets. This is the eighth consecutive quarter of declining sales for the 56-year-old Barbie brand. "We're very encouraged by the progress we are making on reenergizing the company," Mr Sinclair said. "As we continue our turnaround efforts, we remain comfortable with our full-year outlook." Nearly half of Mattel's revenue came from international markets last year and Mr Sinclair expects the strong dollar to "continue to be a headwind".
The officers were injured at about 23:30 BST on Loampit Vale. It is thought they were investigating reports of antisocial behaviour and the moped could have been stolen. A 22-year-old female PC was struck and broke her collar bone. Her colleague, a male PC aged 38, suffered an ankle injury. Police had been trying to talk to two suspects, aged 16 and 20, on separate mopeds outside the Glass Mill Leisure Centre. One of them ran over the officers as he was trying to leave the scene, the Met said. A helicopter was called to help police find the youths and the suspects were arrested a short while later in New Cross. The 16-year-old boy was arrested on suspicion of GBH and the 20-year-old was arrested on suspicion of obstructing police. Both men have been to a south London police station for questioning. The officers have now been discharged from hospital.
Orient won 1-0 at the Kassam Stadium but they ended the match with 10 men after defender Baudry was sent off in injury time. The 28-year-old Frenchman was dismissed for a tackle on Oxford's Kemar Roofe, but the east London club have challenged the decision. Their win against the U's lifted Orient into the play-off places.
Arriva Trains Wales said the line between the two stations had to be closed for a time on Monday morning. The device was found in a garden in St Michael's Close, Ruabon, with a cordon in place and nearby homes evacuated. North Wales Police said the World War Two bomb turned out to be a training device so did not contain explosives. The line was close at about 11:20 BST and reopened an hour later, according to Network Rail. A spokesperson for Arriva Trains Wales confirmed services were suspended while a bomb disposal team was called. The company said services between the stations faced disruption until about 13:00 BST on Monday. The device was found by a resident living in a block of flats. The man, who did not want to be named, said: "We were clearing up at the back of the flats and a water butt was full of old, dirty water. "We emptied it and found this thing at the bottom. We have no idea how long it had been there."
25 July 2015 Last updated at 13:09 BST Now Newsround has compiled all the pictures of Pluto so far into one manageable minute... You are welcome.
A huge hole has been left in the wall of the store in Barnard's Green, Malvern, with bricks and debris scattered outside. A spokesman for West Mercia Police said the theft had happened overnight on Thursday. The offenders abandoned the vehicle outside the shop, which has been cordoned off while police investigate. Latest updates on this story plus more Worcestershire news Shop owner Jenny Cain said: "I've come down here and there's a JCB gone through the front of my shop, devastated my shop front and taken the ATM. "They have done untold thousands of pounds of damage and devastated the business."
Nearly 150 officers from South Wales, North Wales and Gwent forces want compensation from their old employers. Officers were forced to leave after 30 years' service under regulation A19, used by 15 forces to make savings. The Home Office said it was not talking to individual forces about A19.
20 April 2016 Last updated at 15:11 BST The board releases a mixture of a lactic acid solution that mimics the smell of human sweat, and carbon dioxide, which is in human breath. Its inventors have released the blueprint for free and are encouraging people around the world to make them. However, one expert warned it could attract insects to areas where there are many humans.
On Wednesday, Newsround will be lucky enough to chat to Jack Laugher and Chris Mears, who won gold in the 3m synchronised diving, as well as a silver individual medal for Jack. We'll also be speaking with Bryony Page, who impressed judges to win a silver in the trampolining. And we need your questions for them! Thanks for your questions - this page is now closed.
After a government inspector found "serious shortcomings" in its original plan for 29,000 properties, the local authority announced 7,000 extra homes. Extra development sites have been allocated, with a number of extra greenbelt sites being earmarked around Knutsford, Wilmslow and Macclesfield. Cheshire East's revised plan will now be submitted back to the government inspector in June. Councillor Rachel Bailey, who is due to become the next leader of the Conservative-run council, said: "We are doing everything possible to progress the Local Plan and to speed up its completion." The authority insisted its previous plan - for 29,000 homes - was criticised by the government inspector only because the borough's economy was likely to grow faster than anticipated. Cheshire East Council has previously described itself as being "besieged" by housing developers. A local development plan would make it more difficult for developers to build on land which has not been earmarked for development.
The 24-year-old, who finished sixth at the Rio Olympics, is ahead of Belgium's Olympic champion Nafi Thiam by just three points. Johnson-Thompson, competing in her first heptathlon since Rio, scored 4,059 points, with Thiam on 4,056 and Germany's Carolin Schafer on 4,053. The event concludes on Sunday with the long jump, javelin and 800m. The Gotzis meeting is the second leg of the IAAF Combined Events Challenge, which is a five-event competition for heptathlon and decathlon.
Media playback is not supported on this device Don't worry - you won't be alone. Sailing can sound strange to the uninitiated, but BBC Breakfast's Lorna Gordon has been to find out what the difference is between three Olympic-class boats. If you want to find out more about getting into sailing, take a look at our special guide.
The shell-rich dune grasslands are found on the Hebrides and parts of Orkney, Shetland and the north west Highland coast. The map has been made for Scottish Natural Heritage's Habitat Map of Scotland project. Machair provides important habitats for seabirds and grazing for crofters' livestock. Scotland has a total of about 32,123 acres (13,000 ha) of machair. Some of the largest areas of the coastal meadows are found on Coll, Tiree and Harris.
The Batley and Spen MP, 41, was attacked in Birstall, West Yorkshire, on 16 June. She was due to hold a constituency surgery in the village. Thomas Mair, 52, from Birstall, has been charged with her murder. The inquest was opened and adjourned by coroner Martin Fleming during a six minute hearing at Bradford Coroner's Court. Det Supt Nick Wallen, of West Yorkshire Police, told the court it was immediately clear to paramedics and police the mother-of-two was very seriously injured. The detective said she was pronounced dead by a doctor in an ambulance outside Birstall Library. He confirmed a post-mortem examination had shown a preliminary cause of death as "multiple stab and gunshot wounds". The coroner said Mrs Cox's body could now be released so the family can "get on with the grieving process".
Two Mercedes and a VW Golf were involved in the crash on Winkfield Road, Windsor, near the Legoland roundabout, late on Sunday night. A 23-year-old man from Slough was declared dead at the scene. A 50-year-old man from Bracknell died later in hospital. Three other people were taken to hospital. Thames Valley Police said the next of kin of both men had been informed. Investigations manager Richard Thorpe said: "We are investigating this tragic incident in which two men sadly lost their lives. "We would like to hear from anyone who was on Winkfield Road before or after the collision and has any information about the vehicles or the incident."
Schwazer, 31, helped Italy win the world 50km walk team title in May after a 45-month ban for a positive test for erythropoietin before London 2012. A retest of a sample given in January showed traces of steroids. The Court of Arbitration for Sport rejected his appeal. "All competitive results obtained by Alex Schwazer from and including 1 January 2016 are disqualified with all resulting consequences, including forfeiture of medals, points and prizes," CAS said in a statement. Schwazer had previously admitted to using the blood booster erythropoietin (EPO) in 2012.
Aubameyang is one of 24 players nominated for The Best Fifa Men's Player award. The 27-year-old was the top scorer in the Bundesliga last season with 31 goals for Borussia Dortmund. Omagbemi lead Nigeria to an eighth continental title in Cameroon last year and is one of the 10 names on the list for The Best Fifa Women's Coach. There were no Africans at all among the nominations for the awards for men's coach or women's player that were announced by football's world governing body on Thursday. The winners from each category will be revealed at a ceremony in London on 23 October. Two panels of experts from across the six confederations chose the shortlisted candidates for the top performers of the 2016-17 season. The Fifa Best Men's Player shortlist: The Fifa Best Women's Coach: shortlist:
The Pakistani was sanctioned by the Board of Control for Cricket in India (BCCI) after allegations of spot-fixing in the 2013 Indian Premier League. Rauf, a former member of the ICC elite panel, did not appear at the hearing. Last month, spinner Ajit Chandila was banned for life and batsman Hiken Shah for five years after being found guilty of corruption.
Wanderers have been without a permanent boss since Neil Lennon left in March. Academy boss Jimmy Phillips, 50, took charge for the remainder of the season but could not prevent Bolton's relegation from the Championship to League One. Bolton are expected to make a decision within the next few weeks. Former Scunthorpe, Southampton and Reading boss Adkins, 51, was sacked by Sheffield United in May after missing out on the League One play-offs. He has won promotion from the third tier three times. Cotterill, 51, was dismissed as Bristol City boss in January after leading them to the League One title and the Johnstone's Paint Trophy the previous season. He has also managed Nottingham Forest, Portsmouth, Notts County, Burnley, Stoke, Cheltenham and Sligo Rovers.
Media playback is not supported on this device The 22-year-old moved to Sydney Roosters in 2016 from Wigan after scoring 51 tries in 57 outings. He made just four appearances at the Roosters before agreeing a Wigan return in June 2016, and then spent the second part of season at the Rabbitohs. "They wanted to keep hold of me," Burgess told BBC Radio Manchester. "I think I could easily have got out of the contract [with Wigan] but I couldn't turn on my hometown like that. "If it was any other team, and this sounds bad, I would have tried to fight it to stay there but I'm too loyal to Wigan. "I don't regret it as I can't wait for this season and hopefully we'll win something."
The 21-year-old has signed to bolster the Scarlets' front row options with Rob Evans unavailable following wrist surgery. Garrett made his Dragons debut against the Scarlets at Judgement Day in April 2015 and has made four appearances. The prop also plays for Cross Keys in the Principality Premiership and is a Wales U20 international.
The charges are understood to relate to imitation firearms. The incident happened in Court Street in the early hours of Saturday. The arrested man is in police custody and is due to appear at Dundee Sheriff Court.
The beech trees which stand tall on a hill south of the A30 tell travel-weary locals their journey is nearly over. People have been taking to social media to share their love for the Cookworthy Knapp trees, which were planted around 1900 and have become known as the "coming home trees". We are inviting you to tell us about your coming home landmarks. Use the form below and we could be in touch to share your photographs and anecdotes on the BBC website.
The five-year-old has neuroblastoma and his family are trying to raise £700,000 for treatment in the United States. Bradley led the teams out before Everton's 3-0 Premier League win on Monday and received a minute's applause from fans in the fifth minute. Everton have also invited the Lowerys to the return fixture and will auction off signed shirts from the game.
The three 19-year-olds have mostly featured for United's Under-23 team, although Roberts did make his senior debut in an FA Cup match a year ago. Longstaff, who plays as a 'number 10', has been a regular scorer for Peter Beardsley's U23 side this season. Woodman has represented England up to Under-19 level. He started his career at Crystal Palace before moving to Newcastle's academy set-up in 2013, and has also had loan spells with Hartlepool United and Crawley Town. Their arrival continues manager Lee Clark's January transfer activity, after extending full-back Luke Hendrie's loan spell while four other players have returned to their parent clubs.
Skills Development Scotland, Highlands and Islands Enterprise, ScotlandIS and Education Scotland are backing the Â£250,000 fund called Digital Xtra. Among the aims of the scheme is to support extracurricular computing clubs for youngsters aged 16 and under. A panel will evaluate submissions for funding. Representatives from technology businesses, Scottish government and education will be on the panel.
The visitors went ahead when Chris Higgins headed in from a free-kick by Ryan Conroy. Falkirk were level when Myles Hippolyte's cross was head in by John Biard from close range. Queen of the South defender Andy Dowie headed a cross into his own net, before Blair Alston drove low into the bottom corner of the goal.
In May, Indian food safety authorities banned the production and sale of the product after claims they contained dangerously high levels of lead. That ban was later overturned in the Bombay High Court in August. As well as lost sales, the impact of the scare saw Nestle cut its global growth forecast for 2015. Sales had tumbled after laboratory tests in India revealed high lead levels in some packets of the hugely popular product. The instant noodles arrived in India in 1983 and can be found in corner shops across the country. Multi-national Nestle is the world's largest packaged food company. It has 80% of India's instant noodles market, and has destroyed 400 million packets of Maggi products. The company had said in a statement earlier this month that fresh tests, mandated by an Indian court, found the noodles to be safe, with levels of lead well below permissible limits.
The 28-year-old Republic of Ireland international has scored three goals in 21 appearances this season for Town. "My hamstring feels fine, I've been training for four weeks now," McGoldrick told BBC Suffolk. "I've been sprinting and hopefully I'll keep on top of it in the gym, and keep doing the work I have to do." McGoldrick, who has scored 27 league goals in 88 appearances for Ipswich, made his return from injury late on against Wolves and came on with 25 minutes to go against Charlton. "It'll be good to score again," he continued. "The last one was a penalty against Brighton ages ago (in August). Before this injury I was out for a month with a groin injury so it's been a long time. "There's six games left now - I don't know how many minutes I'll get but I'd like to show some sort of form between now and the end of the season. "It would be nice to go out there and score some goals and get the fans singing my name."
The man, who was stopped in Manchester Road, Hyde, was one of four people reprimanded for not being in proper control of a vehicle. He was given six points on his licence and an on-the-spot fine. A further 142 people were stopped for using a phone while driving in the first week of the campaign. The campaign to educate drivers on road safety will continue up to Christmas. Supt Craig Thompson said: "You wouldn't drink and drive so why is it OK to use a phone when in control of a vehicle? "We can all make a difference by urging people to think about their actions." From next year, new penalties will be in place with motorists caught using a mobile phone receiving six points on their licence rather than the current three. The fine will also double, to Â£200. More than 5,000 drivers in Greater Manchester have been given fixed penalty notices or sent on a mobile phone awareness course in the past two years, the force said.
Police said the 52-year-old woman and a man, 51, were struck by a black Renault minibus on the A64 at Crambeck, near Malton, close to midnight on Saturday. The pair, who were pronounced dead at the scene, had just got off a double-decker Coastliner bus. The minibus was heading towards York at the time and police have made an appeal for witnesses.
The Board of Control for Cricket in India (BCCI) did not indicate if this meant Kumble would be replaced. But Indian media reports cited sources as saying the board was unhappy with him for demanding salary increases for himself and the team. India had a successful year under Kumble, losing just one Test. A BCCI statement said that as current coach, Kumble - a former captain of the Indian side - would be a direct entrant for the selection process. Kumble named as new India coach Three former Indian players - Sachin Tendulkar, Sourav Ganguly and VVS Laxman- will be responsible for choosing the next coach. Prior to the job, Kumble had no international or first-class coaching experience but his leg-spin bowling made him India's leading Test wicket taker with 619 wickets in 132 games.
The girl may have had access to "ecstasy type tablets" at the party in Newtongrange, Police Scotland said. She died at Edinburgh Royal Infirmary after falling ill on Saturday. The force said the warning related to "red bugatti veyron and purple ninja turtle" tablets and "strongly urged" people not to take them. "Inquiries into the circumstances surrounding [the girl's] death are at a very early stage, however one line of inquiry officers are following is that she may have had access to ecstasy type tablets," it said in a statement. "Anyone who has taken these tablets is urged to seek immediate medical attention. "Police Scotland's message is clear. There is no safe illegal drug and no safe way to take illegal drugs."
Pet Touche Purnell's back leg was removed after an accident at its home last week. Vet Sonya Miles said: "We decided to attach the wheel to avoid him traumatising the underside of his shell by dragging his back end." Since the surgery on Friday, his owner Lisa Purnell said Touche was doing well. Staff at Highcroft Veterinary Hospital in Whitchurch used a special resin to attach the base of a toy car to the plastron [the underside of the shell]. Ms Miles said: "It can be taken off in the future if we feel that he has enough strength to hold himself up but he could be fine with a wheel for the rest of his life. "He may even need a bigger one fitted at some point; tortoises carrying on growing until they are 10-15 years old so he could still double in size." Ms Purnell said the tortoise seemed "completely relaxed with his new mode of transport, zooming around the garden as if nothing has happened".
Seeking to become the first team to win 73, they won at the San Antonio Spurs, who last lost at home in March 2015. "We're competitive, we're hungry," said Steph Curry, who scored 37 in the California-based team's 92-86 victory. Victory over the Memphis Grizzlies at home on Wednesday would surpass the record set by Chicago Bulls in 1995-96.
Left-back Jones, 21, will provide cover in the absence of George Smith who was injured in the 1-0 win at Tranmere Rovers in midweek. The ex-Hartlepool player almost joined the Tynesiders in the summer before agreeing a one-year deal with Grimsby. He could make his debut for Gateshead against Dover Athletic in Saturday's National League game. Find all the latest football transfers on our dedicated page.
Jason Pritchard, 42, had been in the police cells in Caernarfon, Gwynedd, when the alleged incident happened in December 2015. Sgt Jethro Christie, 43, a former wrestler, was accused of putting him in a full Nelson hold. But a Colwyn Bay tribunal panel found his actions were not excessive. In directing no entry should be made on Sgt Christie's record, its chairman Ian Boys said: "We are also not satisfied that the arm hold caused the fracture." The tribunal heard Mr Pritchard fell off a cell bed and this may have caused the injury.
Transport and communication ministry officials have been warned that "gossiping" on social media will lead to dismissal. It is not clear how the ban will be enforced amidst increasing social media popularity. The minister told the BBC's Halima Nyanza social media use was interfering with Tanzania's development. Africa Live: BBC News updates Makame Mbarawa addressed his department saying this practice was affecting productivity and believed his ministry should set a positive example to the wider civil service. Cheap phone data bundles are enabling wider use of platforms like WhatsApp, Facebook and Twitter in Tanzania.
Peek-a-Boo Nursery in Fraserburgh had been told to make swift improvements following an inspection which raised concerns about children protection. Inspectors have said that progress has since been made. A spokesperson for Peek-a-Boo Nursery said: "We are delighted the Care Inspectorate has acknowledged we have made significant improvements." The statement added: "This has been a very stressful time for all staff at the nursery and we are grateful not only for their support and loyalty but also for the ongoing support of parent-clients and the wider Fraserburgh community."
The service for the off-spinner, who died in March aged 90, took place at the Priory Church in Bolton Abbey. Dickie Bird, former Test umpire, said: " He was a tremendous cricketer and in any era, a tremendous bowler." Born in Bradford, Appleyard made his first-class debut in 1951 at 27 years old with 200 wickets in his first season. He made his Test debut in 1954. Bird, the current Yorkshire County Cricket Club president and a former Yorkshire player, said: " He was an amazing character. I used to sit for hours at Headingley listening to him. "He will be sadly missed." Appleyard retired from playing in 1958 and went on to serve a two-year term as club president between 2006 and 2008. During his career, he took 642 wickets at an average of 15.42 for Yorkshire, and 31 in nine Tests for England. Appleyard was named as one of Wisden's cricketers of the year in 1952 and appointed an MBE in 2007.
Until now, Taiwan drains couldn't cope with toilet roll and it had to go in a bin. Now a new kind of loo paper there can now break down in water, which means it can be flushed like we do in the UK. But most people are used to throwing it in bins instead, so signs have been put up, telling people what to do. The sign reads: "The answer to a big mystery! Toilet paper can be flushed down the toilet, did you know that?" Sounds like they need to roll with it and not loo-se the plot...
Family of Elen Jones, 36, and Lewis Rhys, who live in Menai Bridge, have not seen them since Tuesday 17 January. North Wales Police believe they are travelling in a gold coloured Citroen Zara with the registration YS52VTV. They have put out an alert on Facebook. Officers are appealing for sightings of the pair.
The special event is also known as the Lunar New Year which begins on the second new moon at the start of the year and ends on a full moon fifteen days later. The event is marked all over the world in lots of different ways. People visit their families and friends, have special meals and a lot of fireworks go off because it's thought that the noise and lights will ward off evil spirits for the year ahead. The new year is always named after one of twelve animals and 2016 is the year of the monkey.
The 38-year-old, who left Scottish League One rivals Albion Rovers at the end of the season, takes over after Barry Smith moved to Raith Rovers. Albion had said with two games left of the season that Young would leave after they failed to agree a new contract. Young became player-manager in Coatbridge in 2014 and led his side to the League Two title. They finished sixth in League One last season and eighth in the campaign just finished - four points and three places below East Fife. Smith had taken charge of the Fifers in December after Gary Naysmith moved to Championship outfit Queen of the South. The former Dundee manager will now be in opposition to his previous club next season after Raith were relegated from the second tier under John Hughes. Brian Kerr, who had been Albion's youth boss, was named as Young's replacement two days after the end of the season.
Kim Yang-gon, 73, was a secretary of the ruling Workers' Party and was in charge of ties with South Korea. He was part of a high-level delegation from North Korea that helped ease a stand-off with the South in August, after an exchange of artillery fire. The state news agency called him Kim Jong-un's "closest comrade and a solid revolutionary partner". "Comrade Kim Yang-gon, a Workers' Party secretary and member of the party Central Committee Politbureau... died in a traffic accident at 6:15am, Tuesday, at age 73," KCNA said, without giving details. It added that Kim Jong-un would lead an 80-member state funeral for Mr Kim on Thursday. Tension between North and South Korea increased in August when a border blast injured two South Korean soldiers. Meetings at that time eventually led to the two countries stepping away from a military confrontation.
The 30-year-old has won 72 international caps and was a part of Japan's World Cup squad that won three of their pool B matches. In Japan, the tight-head prop twice won the All Japan Championship title. "Hatakeyama will help us ensure there are no ill effects in our pack with Jon Welsh's injury," director of rugby Dean Richards told the club website. "He is a very talented player who is a strong scrummager and showed just what he is capable of during the World Cup."
Motorists have been warned to expect "difficult" conditions on Tuesday as a yellow "be aware" weather warning remains in place. The A466 near St Arvans has been partially blocked by a fallen tree, while there are speed restrictions on Britannia Bridge in the north. Emergency services reported no major problems despite the severe weather. A wind gust of 93mph was recorded at the Met Office weather station in Capel Curig at midnight, with further gusts of more than 80mph over the following two hours. Gusts of between 55mph and 60mph were seen along the south Wales coast at about midnight, while winds of 69mph were recorded in Rhyl. The A477 Cleddau Bridge in Pembrokeshire has reopened after being partially closed on Monday, while a house in Mountain Ash had its roof blown off. Motorists are advised to be aware of the risk of localised damage from the high winds and for minor disruption to travel.
Taffy Mark Evans, 54, of Old Shoreham Road in Lancing, West Sussex, is accused of carrying out the attacks in Surrey, Sussex and south Wales. He also faces charges of making indecent photographs of a child. Sussex Police said Mr Evans was a scout leader in Reigate, Surrey, in the 1990s and worked as a train guard on the Redhill to Littlehampton route. Mr Evans is due to face 16 counts of indecent assault, one charge of gross indecency and three of serious sexual offences against boys under the age of 14 when he appears at Crawley Magistrates' Court on 3 June. The alleged offences are said to have been committed in Chalwood and Redhill in Surrey, Brighton, Burgess Hill and Crawley in Sussex and Swansea, south Wales in the late 1980s and early 1990s.
14 January 2015 Last updated at 19:45 GMT Central First School in Ashington has also converted store rooms and even a toilet in an effort to accommodate pupils. The school's actions come as the Local Government Association said it feared the demand for school places could soon reach a tipping point with no more space or money to extend schools. Principal David Geoffrey told Look North's Peter Harris the school had to be "ever more inventive" to teach youngsters in "full to the brim" conditions.
Palma-Newport has made 30 top-flight appearances for Bath, having come through the club's academy system. The 25-year-old has also had loan spells with Championship sides London Welsh and Yorkshire Carnegie. "Kane's developing into a very good player who has benefited from some invaluable experience," said Bath first-team coach Neil Hatley. "He's a local boy who understands the essence of Bath Rugby, which makes him an asset to the team." Bath are ninth in the Premiership table, having won just six of their 16 games this season.
Jim Goodwin's side defeated third-top Airdrieonians 2-1 to move five points clear of the Diamonds. Stranraer also took advantage of Livingston-Stenhousemuir being off to move three points clear of bottom after a 2-0 victory over Brechin City. Peterhead were held 1-1 at home by East Fife, who remain in fourth. Andrew Graham struck twice inside 17 minutes for Alloa, who held out for a 2-1 win over despite the fact Iain Russell pulled one back after 22 minutes. Willie Gibson opened the scoring for Stranraer in the 22nd minute and then crossed for Craig Malcolm to head home 12 minutes from time to seal the points. Jordan Brown rescued a point for Peterhead against East Fife. Kevin Smith headed James Penrice's cross in four minutes after the break, but Peterhead levelled in the 64th minute when Brown converted Grant Anderson's centre. The Fifers move a point ahead of Queen's Park, whose match away to Albion Rovers was also postponed because of a waterlogged pitch.
The Coastguard was called at about 08:15 GMT on Friday about a woman missing from the Isle of Inishmore. The ferry is in Rosslare, Ireland, after having left Pembroke on Thursday night. It is believed the woman went overboard but a search of the water has not yet found her. The UK Coastguard search and rescue helicopter based at St Athan and an Irish Coastguard helicopter are carrying out a search along with Coastguard rescue teams.
The US Geological Survey said the quake struck at a depth of 20km (12 miles) northeast of the city of Hotan, followed by a series of aftershocks. Officials said more than 3,000 houses and buildings in the mainly ethnic Uighur region were damaged. China is regularly hit by earthquakes, particularly in Sichuan and Yunnan. "Buildings were trembling and people rushed to the streets," said Hotan resident Jin Xingchang. The government said it would send 1,000 tents and other relief materials to the area, said AFP news agency citing the Xinjiang Bureau of Civil Affairs. In 2008, a 7.9 magnitude quake rocked Sichuan killing more than 80,000 people, making it the worst earthquake to hit China for more than three decades.
The 26-year-old scored 29 goals last term as the Lambs finished ninth in National League North. A statement on the Stevenage website said he "had been linked with a number of EFL clubs over the past few months". Newton is the club's fourth summer signing following the arrival of Harry Beautyman, James Ferry and Alex Samuel. He recently spent time at Jamie Vardy's V9 Academy. Find all the latest football transfers on our dedicated page.
Lewis Kirk, 19, from Bannockburn, was driving a car which was involved in a head-on collision on the town's Falkirk Road on 3 April 2015. As a result, a female passenger in his car suffered a serious leg injury which resulted in amputation. Kirk was convicted of causing serious injury by dangerous driving and was disqualified from driving for 10 years. Insp Andrew Thomson, of Police Scotland, said:  "This collision has had serious life-changing consequences for both Lewis Kirk and his passenger. "This sentence demonstrates that this type of driving without consideration of the consequences is unacceptable and will not be tolerated. "I would hope that this custodial sentence will act as a deterrent to those who put others at risk by driving dangerously on our roads and would urge all young drivers to understand the risks involved when they sit behind the wheel." The sentencing took place at Falkirk Sheriff Court.
It happened near the village of Johnswell on Thursday afternoon. A Garda (Irish police) spokesman said officers were called to the farm at 15:20 local time but the boy had died at the scene. It is understood the boy was struck by a farm vehicle and the Irish Health and Safety Authority is investigating.
3 June 2016 Last updated at 08:54 BST Staff at the Pairi Daiza wildlife park called it a "true miracle" because pandas struggle to reproduce in captivity. There are fewer than 2,000 pandas alive in the wild, but numbers have increased in the last 10 years. Hao Hao, whose name means "kindly", scooped up her baby and held it in her jaws to protect and clean it. The cub was described as "a little pink sausage" and let out a cute squeal immediately after birth. The little panda weighs just 171g (6oz) and has yet to be given a name.
The Spain international had an operation last month but had hoped to play again this term. However, United boss Jose Mourinho confirmed the 28-year-old, who joined from Chelsea in January 2014, would not be fit until the end of May. Defenders Phil Jones and Chris Smalling will not return until mid-May, Mourinho added. The Premier League season ends on 21 May. Should United progress to the Europa League final, that match would be played in Stockholm on 24 May.
The Met Office warned of ice forming overnight which may lead to difficult driving conditions on untreated roads and slippery conditions on pavements. The warning is in place from 01:00 until 10:00 GMT. While there will be some hill snow, ice is expected to form on pavements that are wet from rain. The warning covers Blaenau Gwent, Bridgend, Caerphilly, Carmarthenshire, Ceredigion, Gwynedd, Merthyr Tydfil, Monmouthshire, Neath Port Talbot, Newport, Pembrokeshire, Powys and Rhondda Cynon Taff.
Jaguar Land Rover (JLR) said it had ended discussions with the owner of the circuit "for the foreseeable future". The Telegraph has also reported that entrepreneur Laurence Tomlinson has also given up on securing a deal to invest in the site. Circuit owner British Racing Drivers' Club (BRDC) said it would not comment. For live updates on this story and more news from Northamptonshire JLR was thought to have offered the prospect of injecting Â£33m into the home of British motor racing in return for a 249-year lease on the circuit. But in a statement, the company said: "Jaguar Land Rover has ended discussions with the British Racing Drivers' Club for the foreseeable future and is not proceeding with any plans to either lease or purchase Silverstone at this time." The first Grand Prix (GP) took place at Silverstone in 1950 and the race track has regularly hosted GPs since the start of the F1 championship in the same year.
The Marches Local Enterprise Partnership (LEP), which secured the funding, said the agreement would also release £20m in private investment. The money is expected to help create thousands of jobs across the counties. It will also see funding for transport and road projects, which are expected to encourage more house building. Graham Wynn, Chairman of the LEP, said investment in transport schemes would help "unlock development sites" and "drive economic growth in the region". Initially, £12.8m is expected to be invested in Hereford and Telford over the 2015-16 financial year. Kuldip Sahota, leader of the Labour-controlled Telford and Wrekin council, said it was a "good deal" for the town. Other schemes over the next five years include transport projects in Shrewsbury and plans to improve skills across the Marches area, as well as access to broadband.
The union has 30 members so far and was set up to give swimmers a voice against the sport's governing body, Fina. It was announced by Hungary's triple Olympic gold medallist Katinka Hosszu, who described planned new rule changes as "destructive". She said she now expected "Fina will give us a seat at the table". "We expect swimmers to be treated as equal partners," she said a statement. "We expect that they will sit down and start talking to us. "We expect that they will listen to the voice of the professional swimmers and we expect to have a say in important decisions about the future of our sport." Part of Hosszu's complaints was Fina limiting the number of World Cup disciplines a swimmer can compete in as well as restricting commercial opportunities.
Staff at the Nature Discovery Centre in Thatcham, Berkshire, removed most of the fish on Sunday after complaints from members of the public. They said about 100 carp and perch died after an increase in algae reduced oxygen levels in the water. A spokeswoman for the centre said it remained open despite "very difficult circumstances". Dr Kate Dent, conservation director at the Berkshire, Buckinghamshire and Oxfordshire Wildlife Trust, said its priority was "maintaining safety and access". She said: "The appearance of the lake and the dead fish has obviously been distressing. "We believe the reduction in air temperature and breaking up of the bloom should help return the lake to normal very shortly." Dr Dent added the smell was due to the "algal bloom" breaking down, dead fish they could not retrieve and a delay in the centre's commercial waste collection. Leigh Bremner posted pictures of the dead fish on Twitter and said here was a "horrid smell this weekend".
The 27-year-old has agreed a three year deal at Craven Cottage, with the option of a further 12 months. Former Tottenham trainee Button moves across west London after playing 141 times during three years with the Bees. "I understand if there are some fans who will be disappointed we have sold a player to our local rivals," Bees co-director of football Phil Giles said. "However, I'm confident that we've made a decision that is in the best long term interests of the club." Button becomes Fulham's seventh signing of the summer transfer window. Find all the latest football transfers on our dedicated page.
Norwood, 23, began his career at Manchester United and had loan spells at Carlisle, Scunthorpe, Coventry before joining Huddersfield in 2012. The Northern Ireland international made 90 appearances for Town, but has now joined the Royals on a three-year deal. "It feels great to be here and these are really exciting times for me," Norwood told the Reading website. "The manager (Nigel Adkins) was a big factor in me signing, with his energy, positivity and the way he wants to play football. "That was a massive plus and it was music to my ears that he wants to get the ball down and pass."
Sterling was up about 0.2% against the dollar at $1.2680 and also climbed 0.2% against the euro to 1.1327 euros. Shares also saw modest gains, with the FTSE 100 up 0.2%, at 7,529.30. But shares in Madame Tussauds and Alton Towers owner Merlin Entertainments fell 3% after it said recent terror attacks had led to fewer visitors. Merlin said the terror attack in Westminster on 22 March led to a "softer domestic, day-trip market". "However, the subsequent attacks in Manchester and London over the past month have resulted in a further deterioration in domestic demand and, given the typical lag between holiday bookings and visitation, we are also cautious on trends in foreign visitation over the coming months." In the FTSE 250, shares in Capita jumped 12% after the outsourcing company reported signs of recovery. It said it expected profitability to improve in the second half of the year, with trading predicted to improve steadily.
Fourteen wagons of the CSX freight train overturned near Rhode Island metro station early on Sunday. Sodium hydroxide, a form of caustic soda, leaked from one wagon, which was later sealed by emergency crews. Crews also plugged a leak in another wagon after a release of non-hazardous calcium chloride. The cause of the derailment is unclear. Sodium hydroxide is a corrosive chemical that can irritate and burn the skin and eyes. According to the US Centers for Disease Control, while sodium hydroxide  is not combustible, contact with moisture or water may generate enough heat to ignite combustible substances. "We don't know how much leaked," District of Columbia Fire Department Deputy Chief John Donnelly was quoted as saying by Reuters news agency. "The fumes should not cause you any problems." CSX said the train had three locomotives and a total of 175 cars - nearly half of them empty, the rest carrying mixed freight.
16 December 2016 Last updated at 15:41 GMT When we celebrate New Year at midnight in the UK, in some parts of the world it will still be 2016. And it will have been 2017 for around half a day in places like New Zealand and Australia! Want to find out who gets to celebrate first, where's left 'til last and why? Check out Jenny's video.
Suffolk Police were called to Prospect Street at 22:40 BST on Friday when the ambulance service treated a man for stab wounds. The victim, who is in his 40s, was taken to hospital with life-threatening injuries. His condition is now stable. A 29-year-old man, of no fixed address, has been remanded in custody. He will appear at Ipswich Magistrates' Court on Monday. For more on this and other stories, visit the BBC Suffolk Live page
He was selected by his local party to stand in South Thanet, which he won when he beat UKIP leader Nigel Farage. It was revealed earlier this week that Kent Police had submitted a file to the Crown Prosecution Service (CPS). Mr Mackinlay said he would continue to fight for re-election if the CPS decided to prosecute. Speaking after he was re-selected on Friday night, he said he was "annoyed" about the issue and it felt as though he had been "accused of speeding in a car I wasn't driving, I didn't even know where the car was". Mr Mackinlay said there was no reason why the investigation would overshadow his campaign ahead of the election on 8 June. "I've acted properly and honestly throughout and I've done nothing wrong," he said.
Of all the UK nations, Wales saw the greatest fall in unemployment compared with the previous three months. But despite the drop, the rate of unemployment in Wales, 5.3%, remains higher than the UK rate of 5.1%. There were also 49,000 more people in work in Wales than the same time the previous year. Unemployment in the UK as a whole fell by 60,000 to 1.69 million between October and December.
Storm were disbanded in 2002 after financial problems, but returned to the top flight in 2015 when they replaced Hull Stingrays after their liquidation. The club finished ninth in their first season back and then eighth during the 2016-17 campaign. "The club have made excellent strides inside the first two seasons," said storm general manager Neil Russell, "I know that the new ownership is very determined to continue the excellent growth that we have shown."
11 November 2015 Last updated at 01:45 GMT A Unicef Youth Ambassador, she is an inspiration for the children who flock to the Ayise Bangwe Youth Centre. She tells the BBC about how her tough childhood made her determined to get an education. Women of Africa is a BBC season recognising inspiring women across the continent. The first series, Africa's Unsung Heroes, introduces eight women who are making a difference in their country - and beyond. Read more here
It first acknowledged the problem with Outlook and Hotmail on Tuesday evening. "Some users may be receiving excessive spam mail," a service page update stated. The company later said it had managed to put in place two sets of fixes to protect users' inboxes and its own infrastructure. Many affected users had complained about the issue on social media. "Getting a spam/junk email about every minute into my main inbox," tweeted Ben Nelson. "Drowning in junk mail," added Jennifer Roseblade. But one Reddit user was able to see a funny side. "Look at all of these great deals I've been missing out on for years," Peck Ed wrote. "Now if you chaps will excuse me, I'm off to become a... millionaire getting a great deal on my car insurance with my new Russian bride at the Casino with my free bets." Microsoft has not disclosed what had caused the issue.
He is Alan Drennan, 21, a mechanic, from Newtownabbey, County Antrim. Mr Drennan had left Northern Ireland on Saturday with a group of  friends for a holiday on the island. He was found dead in his hotel room on Sunday. Spanish police said there were no signs of violence and the death seemed to be of natural causes. But they are waiting for an autopsy to be carried out. It is not clear at this stage when that will take place. Mr Drennan's father, also Alan, told Cool FM: "This is breaking our hearts, it really is. We cannot understand why. "Alan was called after me and he was just mini me. He was Alan junior. He was me all over and, boy, will I miss him." A spokesperson for the UK Foreign and Commonwealth Office said: "We can confirm the death of a British national in Ibiza on 19 July. "We have been liaising with the Spanish authorities and are providing support to the family at this difficult time."
Miller clipped the ball over keeper Graham Stack and soon added another from the penalty spot after he was brought down by the Bees' goalkeeper. Alex Kenyon sneaked in unmarked to head a third before Barnet hit back through substitute Michael Gash's low strike. Cole Stockton's fine finish made it 4-1 before Gash added a stoppage-time consolation, his ninth of the season. Barnet manager Martin Allen told BBC Radio London: Media playback is not supported on this device "Within five minutes we could have been 2-0 down, which is a real surprise after the whole squad had done us proud over the Easter period with four points away at Exeter and at home to Luton. "We looked too open and to be fair to them, they played well. "When we stepped up in the second half, we probably had four good chances where we could have got back in the game. "It didn't really work for us today."
A judge told Mold Crown Court on Thursday that Malcolm Donaldson, 74, was "on the look out" for a victim. Donaldson, of Caernarfon, was convicted of rape in February - he told the jury he was at home when the 24-year-old victim was attacked in Prestatyn. The woman woke up semi-naked in a field with no memory of the attack. Donaldson's DNA was found on her body. In a victim impact statement read out from behind a screen in court, the woman said she tried to kill herself after being raped. She added: "It is something I am going to have to live with for the rest of my life. "I can't see any future for myself. He has ripped my life apart." The supermarket trolley collector claimed to be at home in bed when the woman was raped as she walked from her home to her boyfriend's house. Mr Justice Wyn Williams said the description of the defendant as a predator was appropriate.
Fire crews were called to the incident involving two vehicles, between junction 24 at the Coldra and 25 for Caerleon, at 12:40 BST. Appliances from Maindee, Malpas and Duffryn were sent to the scene. Slow traffic was reported in the area but queues have since eased.
The incident happened close to the Yorkgate rail halt, heading north. No one was seriously injured but traffic was extremely heavy earlier on Friday. All the lanes on the M2 leaving the city have now reopened. Earlier, the Department for Regional Development said traffic was particularly slow on the Westlink and Sydenham bypass. Trafficwatch NI says there are tailbacks to Holywood Exchange heading into Belfast.
4 November 2015 Last updated at 21:58 GMT Sylvia Stocking found her husband Reg lying in a pool of blood outside their home in West Bromwich, Sandwell. She said: "It's been a nightmare really. It's changed our lives. Our lives were stopped. We can't do anything that we did before." Drug addict Andrew Jones, 34, was convicted of grievous bodily harm and robbery at Wolverhampton Crown Court and awaits sentencing.
Andrew Le Masurier died three months ago. Geoffrey Morris from the club said Mr Le Masurier was an inspiration as well as a dedicated and passionate collector. The club's first model railway exhibition since the death of Mr Le Masurier started on Saturday and is one of its largest. It attracted hundreds of model railway fans from across the island and featured a range of different trains and models. Mr Morris said: "The late Andrew Le Masurier was profoundly deaf, but he was one of our most active members. "We were so proud to make a lovely nameplate in the form of a Great Western Railway nameplate, which proudly says the 'Andrew Le Masurier Hall'. "This is our 33rd exhibition. We have held them at various venues around the island."
The William Haggas-trained youngster (11-4) led from the front and stayed on to win by a length and a half. Yucatan (11-8) gave trainer Aidan O'Brien his fourth successive runner-up in the Doncaster race finishing a head in front of Salouen (16-1) in third. Rivet was immediately quoted at odds of 16-1 for next year's 2000 Guineas. "I just let him stride on and enjoy it - it would have taken a good one to get by him," Atzeni said. "He's very genuine and he stays well. He's a lovely, big horse. "He'll definitely go on (next season)." Atzeni is now one behind Lester Piggott's record five victories in the race. Piggott is part owner of Rivet.
South Wales Police said they attended the Tesco store on Western Avenue just after 14:00 BST after Avon and Somerset Police asked them to stop a vehicle. A spokeswoman said armed officers were deployed "as a precaution" and part of the store's car park was closed while arrests were made. She said two men were arrested on suspicion of money laundering and no firearms were recovered. The spokeswoman added that "there is no suggestion it is terrorist related". Eyewitness Sean Martin, 31, from Cardiff, said the police were waiting for the men as they drove out of the car wash. "They were all pointing their guns at the car," he said.
Bands led a procession of men and women, many dressed in vintage military uniforms and carrying replica weapons. The parade was organised by the 36th Ulster Division Memorial Association. A wreath-laying ceremony was held at Belfast City Hall. Ch Supt Nigel Grimshaw said there had been "a large scale police operation with community safety at its core". "I would like to express my thanks to all of those involved behind the scenes over recent weeks and today to make this possible," he said. "The efforts made by community representatives and event organisers show a real willingness to achieve resolutions. "Hopefully this will create a positive platform for dealing with sensitive parades throughout the coming months."
Headmaster Bruce Wilby was suspended over allegations about financial irregularities which he has denied. Inspectors Ofsted said return visits happen "from time to time" and inspectors would be gathering "further evidence to complete that inspection". It declined to comment on reports that Chief Inspector of Schools Sir Michael Wilshaw blocked the report. Auditors from neighbouring Cornwall Council are also preparing a report into the alleged irregularities. The school on the island of St Mary's has about 270 pupils aged from three to 16.
Statys Baranauskas faces a total of nine charges. He is accused of rape, sexual assault, causing grievous bodily harm and false imprisonment. The accused did not speak during the brief hearing, but listened attentively as a detective gave details of the warrants under which he was arrested. He was remanded in custody to appear again next week. Mr Baranauskas was extradited from the Lithuanian capital, Vilnius, by PSNI officers on Thursday.
The 25-year-old has agreed a two-year deal with the Lions, who lost in the play-off final to Barnsley last season. Wylde scored seven goals in 51 games last term for Argyle, who were losers in the League Two play-off final. "(Millwall manager) Neil Harris really sold the club to me and came to watch me play a few times too," Wylde told the club website. Find all the latest football transfers on our dedicated page.
John Noble, 43, of Horrabridge, Devon, admitted causing the death of Chris Dennehy, 58, by careless driving on the A38 near Lee Mill in September 2014. He was previously cleared of causing Mr Dennehy's death by dangerous driving. Noble was sentenced to 24 weeks, suspended for two years, at Plymouth Crown Court. Experts told the court he may only have had two seconds to react after the cyclist came into view. Noble's lorry hit Mr Dennehy, who lived in Plymouth, from behind on the Exeter-bound carriageway. The court heard Noble later told a colleague he had been reaching across his cab to play a sermon on his mobile phone just before hitting the cyclist, adding that his vehicle must have drifted across the carriageway. Noble was also banned from driving for 18 months, ordered to carry out 250 hours of unpaid work and given a 12-month supervision order.
Scottish Power Energy Networks says it needs to replace much of the ageing system with a new higher voltage line. It said the project would make the network "more resilient for homes and businesses" and increase capacity. It said much of the existing 132,000 volt (132kV) system was coming towards the end of its operational life. The Dumfries and Galloway Strategic Reinforcement Project project proposes a new high voltage overhead line of up to 400,000 volts (400kV) between Auchencrosh in South Ayrshire and Harker in Cumbria. Initial consultation will seek views on a broad corridor of land that has been identified where potential routes for a new overhead line could be situated. Consultation events are taking place at the following venues:
The 25-year-old midfielder, who began his career at Manchester United, joins the Seagulls on a three-year deal. "Oliver is another excellent addition to our squad," Brighton manager Chris Hughton told the club website. "He had a good grounding at Manchester United and has a wealth of Championship and international level." He added: "He's a box-to-box midfielder and an excellent passer of the ball, so he gives us extra options in midfield and adds further depth to our squad." Norwood joined Huddersfield in the summer of 2012 before signing for Reading in August 2014. He made 92 appearances for the Royals, scoring five goals.
The teenager was taken to St James's Hospital in the early hours of Tuesday after becoming ill at the Pryzm nightclub in the city centre. A post-mortem examination showed she died as a result of hyperthermia and complications related to taking MDMA. A 19-year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of supplying a Class A drug and has been bailed. More on this and other West Yorkshire stories. Det Insp Phil Jackson, of West Yorkshire Police, issued a warning about the substance, which the woman had taken in powdered form. "This young woman's family are completely devastated at her death in such sudden and tragic circumstances. "We are awaiting the outcome of further tests but at this stage it does appear she has died as a result of a reaction to the drug.　 "We therefore feel it is important to highlight her death and warn other people who may be considering taking MDMA powder, or anything that is being sold as that, about the potential risks to their health."
The International Paralympic Committee (IPC) said he would be banned from 17 February 2016, the date of the failed drugs test, until 16 February 2018. The banned substance was found in a urine sample provided at the IPC Powerlifting World Cup in Dubai. On Monday, the IPC banned Brazilian thrower Luciano dos Santos Pereira.
About 400 health physics monitors, who carry out manual radiation checks on staff and equipment, staged their second stoppage in a month. The GMB union claims management have reneged on a pay rise deal. A spokesman for Sellafield said the action, which began at 08:30 BST and ended at 12:30, did not impact on the site's operations. The union has said a further 48-hour stoppage is planned to start on Wednesday. The dispute centres on the re-grading of some monitors and what they are paid. The company said staff had recently been awarded a 2.5% pay rise and, while the principle of a further increase was "not in contention", it did not think there should be a "blanket" rise. Sellafield employs about 10,000 people and reprocesses and stores spent nuclear fuel from around the world.
The cross-code convert impressed for South Sydney Rabbitohs in their 42-10 victory over Sydney Roosters in the National Rugby League. The 27-year-old, who played for Bath and England in 2015, said: "It's good to be back. I'm happy to get the win." Sam's namesake Joe Burgess, a former Wigan Warriors player, scored two tries on his debut for the Roosters. Sam Burgess rejoined the Rabbitohs after cutting short his time in union following England's ill-fated World Cup campaign. He was part of the squad eliminated at the group stage, playing in the tournament hosts' crucial 28-25 defeat by Wales. Burgess returned to rugby league because his "heart wasn't in" union and he felt he was fighting a losing battle in the 15-man game. He played 21 times for Bath after joining them from Rabbitohs in October 2014.
Left-armer Shamsi, 27, made his international T20 debut during June's series against England and has also featured in one Test match. He will play the first of his three games against Derbyshire on 7 July. "He's a very effective leg-spinner which I believe is crucial in modern T20 cricket," said coach David Ripley.
The body was found in Hinckley, Leicestershire, on Sunday morning. The woman, who lives in the county, was arrested on suspicion of concealing a birth and in connection with the death. Leicestershire Police said an initial post-mortem examination had been completed but further tests were required to determine how the baby died. The force has yet to say whether the child was a boy or girl.
Claire Lewis, from Tonypandy, saw what she thought was a small snake trapped in the packaging of a chocolate cake from Asda. It was later confirmed to be a slow worm - a limbless lizard. The supermarket has apologised and sent Ms Lewis a "goodwill" gift voucher, which she will donate to her local food bank. "It scared me before I knew it was a harmless slow worm," said Ms Lewis. "They're very snake-like." Ms Lewis released it into her garden. "Sadly the cake and the bag's other contents went in to the bin... but the slow worm was free to live another day," she said. Asda refunded Ms Lewis Â£6 for the contents of her shopping bag and sent her a Â£30 gift voucher. An Asda spokeswoman said: "We're really sorry that there was an unexpected visitor tagging along with Ms Lewis' home shopping. "We have given Ms Lewis a refund and have offered a gesture of goodwill to go some way towards making up for any upset caused."
The charges stem from an incident in which Mr Wilders led an anti-Moroccan chant during a speech in March. The Dutch public prosecutor later received more than 6,400 complaints. Mr Wilders, who leads the Party for Freedom (PVV), has often expressed his distaste for Islam and mass immigration. In response to the prosecution, Mr Wilders described the charges in a statement as "a travesty". "The public prosecutor would do better to devote his time to prosecuting jihadis instead of me," he said. Mr Wilders made his comments during a political meeting in The Hague. Asking supporters in a cafe if they wanted fewer Moroccans in the country, some responded by chanting "Fewer! Fewer! Fewer!" The politician then replied: "I will fix it for you." During a later television interview he referred to "Moroccan scum", the Reuters news agency reports. The PVV is currently topping the opinions polls in the Netherlands.
Cameroon said he had refused a call-up, and Fifa rules state a player may be blocked from featuring for his club if he refuses to play for his country. Matip, 25, was left out of Sunday's 1-1 draw with Manchester United as the Reds failed to get clearance on the issue. But world football's governing body has dismissed the case. Matip has not played for Cameroon since 2015 and was not included in their final 23-man squad for the tournament in Gabon. The centre-back was one of seven Cameroon players to say they did not want to play, according to the country's football association (Fecafoot). The defender cited a "bad experience" with previous coaching staff, Fecafoot said. Speaking at the time, Cameroon coach Hugo Broos said: "These players have put personal interest above those of the national team and the federation reserves the right to take action in accordance with Fifa regulations."
The extra curricular activities scheme, Digital Xtra, is supported by public bodies and the Scottish government. It was launched in May to help young people to code, develop websites and create digital animations. Already Â£250,000 has been shared out among 12 projects. Now a further Â£150,000 has been made available. The deadline for submissions is 4 November this year. Minister for Further Education, Higher Education and Science, Shirley-Anne Somerville, said: "The Scottish government is determined to close the digital skills gap faced by all sectors across the economy. "We made clear our commitment to invest in the digital skills of our young people in the digital teaching and learning strategy we published last week. "This additional funding for Digital Xtra will give thousands more young people opportunities to strengthen their digital skills through their engagement in a range of innovative projects."
19 May 2017 Last updated at 10:21 BST In 2009, 10-year-old Alice interviewed him for Newsround. She'd had cancer treatment at The Royal Marsden, a hospital that Prince William supports. But like every good journalist, things didn't quite go to plan for Alice - she got the prince's name wrong, calling him Prince Harry instead! Eight years on, he's been reunited with Alice, but does he remember her slip-up? Watch the video to find out.
Colin Hill, 61, of Hawick, was accused of dangerous driving in Jedburgh in October last year. He was charged with failing to control the bus by driving at excessive speed for the conditions and road layout. He was also accused of striking a car, railings, a wall and a road sign. The case was continued without plea at Jedburgh Sheriff Court.
The pair, both male, managed to swim ashore just as RNLI Peterhead lifeboat Misses Robertson of Kintail arrived on the scene at lunchtime. The incident took place off Peterhead's Craigewan beach, at the mouth of the river Ugie. The casualties were flown by helicopter to Aberdeen Royal Infirmary. Their conditions are unknown.
The 41-year-old has been in interim charge since David Flitcroft left the Shakers after an 11-game winless run. Brass, who spent 18 months as a player at Bury, was Flitcroft's assistant before he took up his former position. Ryan Kidd will be assistant to Brass, while Chris Sedgwick will remain as first-team coach. Chairman Stewart Day said: "There are several things that I believe we can improve on and off the field. This is why I felt that by going with Chris and Ryan we are able to get back on track to where we should be. "I want us to win games, be successful, play attractive football and I also want performances from the team. Both Chris and Ryan know what we are looking for as the winning culture needs to be within the club." Bury are 20th after Saturday's 4-2 loss against at Bristol Rovers, which was a club-record 11th league defeat in a row, and they are winless in 15 games in all competitions.
On Thursday, Ms Yellen said US growth appeared "solid" and she expected rates to rise later in the year. Sentiment was also lifted by the latest estimates of US GDP, with second quarter growth revised up to an annual pace of 3.9% from 3.7%. The Dow Jones rose 111.81 points, or 0.69%, to 16,313.13. Other stocks dipped slightly on tech losses - the S&P 500 slipped 0.72% to 1,931.86 points, while the Nasdaq closed 1% down at 4686.5 points. Shares in Facebook ended the day down 1.74% and Google fell 2.2%.
Robert Hart, 26, was knocked unconscious in front of the main stage at the Parklife Weekender Festival on Saturday. Police have issued an e-fit of a man they want to speak to. The attacker is described as a man in his late 20s, 6ft (1.8m) tall, with short, curly, black hair. Greater Manchester Police described him as mixed-race with a muscular build, wearing shorts and a blue, bomber-style jacket with the letter A in white on the front. Det Insp Richard Eales said: "We believe a confrontation took place following an inflatable doll hitting Robert's girlfriend and I am specifically appealing for witnesses who recall seeing the inflatable doll and the attack on Robert immediately thereafter." About 60,000 people attended the two-day festival in Heaton Park.
Kristy Duncan, 28, and Lee Duncan, 30, both of Portlethen, faced drugs charges at Aberdeen Sheriff Court. They made no plea and were released on bail. Police Scotland earlier said thousands of pounds was also recovered after the intelligence-led operation on Tuesday.
Robinson, 28, arrived from Lincoln on a two-and-a-half year deal in January and has scored twice in 18 games in what is his second spell at the club. Nineteen-year-old Ba joins after a successful trial at Roots Hall. Southend manager Phil Brown told BBC Essex: "He's someone we've decided to take a bit of a punt on. "He's had a couple of seasons at Le Havre, so we're just basing it on what we've seen in training and friendlies." Find all the latest football transfers on our dedicated page.
Its PMI survey for February indicated output levels deteriorated for the first time in three months, driven by a marginal decline in new orders. The PMI registered a score of 49.2, representing a slight downturn in output. The bank suggested the performance of the oil and gas sector was behind the decline. Other key points from the research included: The research is compiled by Markit for the Bank of Scotland. It is based on a monthly survey of about 600 executives in private manufacturing and service sector companies. Mr Gardner said: "The downturns in the Aberdeen region and the oil and gas sector negatively impacted the Scottish economy during February, as firms struggled to cope with lower incoming new order levels and deteriorating volumes of incomplete work. "The drop in business activity and the slide in workforce numbers also signals a challenging few months ahead for the region."
31 July 2016 Last updated at 13:45 BST The story is set 19 years after the final book in the series, Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows. In the new play, Harry Potter has grown up and his own kids are going to school. It's in two parts and lasts more than five hours. Watch all the build up to the opening.
Aberdeenshire Council said the Scottish government was "content" with the project and the processes taken to reach the final proposed design. However, the local authority will hold a public hearing into its plans. An inquiry can take evidence from a wider range of interested parties, while a hearing normally hears from a council and affected landowners. Aberdeenshire Council hopes construction work can start on the scheme next year. Stonehaven has been affected by severe flooding for many years. Flood events led to the evacuation of homes several times between 1988 and 2012.
16 February 2017 Last updated at 06:53 GMT These are massive tubes which use powerful magnets and radio waves to produce a images of inside the body. Doctors use these images to find out if a person has any problems in their bones, blood vessels, heart or brain. Although they aren't dangerous, some people find the scanners quite scary - they are very loud and some people don't like being in very small spaces. So doctors at King's College Hospital in London have been using VR to let patients see what the experience is like, before going through the real thing. Ricky went to see it in action...
Centre-half Espinosa, 26, who has played 120 games for Los Rojiblancos, was limited to 17 appearances for Gijon last season by a knee injury. The Cali-born Colombian began his career at Seville and also represented Racing Santander on loan. He joins Ajax forward Viktor Fischer as summer imports at the Riverside.
Mr Crabb first got the job in July 2014, after being a junior Wales Office minister and a government whip. The prime minister, who leads the first Tory majority government in 18 years, has spent the weekend assembling his new team of ministers. Mr Crabb was first elected as MP for Preseli Pembrokeshire in 2005. Last week, he said he was "excited" by the prospect of providing further Welsh devolution, and committed to ensuring "fair funding" for Wales. Mr Crabb was named 2014 Welsh Politician of the Year, when the chair of judges said he had "revitalised" political debate. Raised by a single parent in a council house, he grew up in Haverfordwest and attended the town's Tasker Milward School.
John Clift, 54, was driving a patient care service ambulance on the A499 near Pwllheli when he suffered a heart attack at the wheel. Mr Clift died at the scene of the crash on 28 April 2016 and three other people, including two of his colleagues, suffered serious injuries. An ambulance was named in his honour at Pwllheli station on Friday. Mr Clift had worked for Pwllheli Fire and Rescue Service for 26 years and a patient care services driver for the NHS, based in Pwllheli, for 12 years. Family and colleagues also unveiled a memorial bench to Mr Clift. Darron Dupre, ambulance organiser for Unison Wales, said: "Ambulance staff come to work every day to save life and to provide emergency care often under difficult and traumatic circumstances. "These people do vital jobs for our community and today we mourn John and remember seriously injured colleagues and celebrate their public service helping patients in Wales."
Bird, 29, took 19 wickets in the competition in a three-month spell with Hampshire last season. "I got a bit of a taste for it and didn't play as well as I'd have liked. I feel that I've got a point to prove to myself more than anything," he said. He is available for the opening 10 matches of Notts' county campaign, starting against Surrey on Sunday. Bird, who has taken 21 wickets in five Tests for Australia, is eager to begin the season at home at Trent Bridge, having been overlooked by national selectors for the first Test of the 2013 Ashes series at the venue. And he is determined to help Notts get off to an improved start to the four-day campaign, having won two and lost four of their opening 10 County Championship matches last summer. "I just want to contribute, get Notts off to good start and win as many games of cricket as we can," Bird told BBC Radio Nottingham.
The striker went off on 59 minutes on Wednesday after a Diego Godin tackle. He was forced to miss Argentina's World Cup 2018 qualifier against Venezuela earlier this month with a groin injury, but has played in all five La Liga games for his club this season. The Argentine could return for Barca's Champions League tie with Manchester City on 19 October. Prior to that tie, Messi will be ruled out of games against Borussia Monchengladbach in the Champions League, Sporting Gijon and Celta Vigo in La Liga, and World Cup qualifiers against Peru and Paraguay. Sergio Busquets was also forced off with injury in the second half of Wednesday's game as Angel Correa's equaliser cancelled out Ivan Rakitic's opener at the Nou Camp.
Technology developed by Edward Bowen was used in the Battle of Britain and Battle of the Atlantic. A blue plaque will be placed outside the house in Cockett, Swansea, where the physicist lived as a child. Born in 1911, Mr Bowen also helped develop radio astronomy in the United States and Australia. He died in 1991.
The 33-year-old midfielder, whose contract was due to expire this summer, joined the west London side in 2013 and made 39 appearances last season. "Karl is a fantastic professional," manager Jimmy Floyd Hasselbaink told QPR's website. "He is an experienced player and a leader on and off the pitch for us. He leads by example with his application and commitment." A number of players, including Clint Hill, Alejandro Faurlin and goalkeeper Rob Green, were recently released when their contracts at Loftus Road expired. But Henry, who was previously at Wolves and Stoke City, opted to stay after being offered new terms. "I was happy to stay if the club wanted me to, so I'm really pleased they did," he said. "I'm very confident about the season ahead with this manager in charge."
27 March 2017 Last updated at 13:41 BST She told a gathering of workers at the Department for International Development in East Kilbride that UK aid was a "badge of hope" around the world. Addressing the issue of Brexit she added: "When this great union of nations - England, Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland - sets its mind to something and works together with determination we are an unstoppable force. "That is why the plan to get the right deal for Britain abroad, as well as a better deal for ordinary people at home, has at its heart one overarching goal - to build a more united nation."
A woman in her 20s suffered facial injuries after being hit with a hammer in the Enfield Parade area at about 22:45 BST on Saturday night. The police said the arrested woman is helping with their enquiries. They have appealed for information.
Brazil captain Neymar, 24, whose contract expires in 2018, has been linked with several moves away from the Nou Camp, including to Real Madrid. But Fernandez said: "He will stay. He will be here for a long time. The club will make it public when the extension is to be made." Neymar scored 31 goals this season as Barcelona won a league and cup double. Media playback is not supported on this device Fernandez is also confident that defender Javier Mascherano will remain at the club. The Argentine, who has two years remaining on his contract, has reportedly agreed a move to Italian champions Juventus. "We will reach an agreement," said Fernandez. "He is a vital player for us and I don't have any doubts about whether he will stay." Mascherano, 31, has been a regular for Barcelona since his arrival from Liverpool in 2010.
22 September 2016 Last updated at 07:59 BST Rio was her third Paralympic Games and she has now won an impressive eight medals including five golds. Her first Paralympics were in Beijing back in 2008 when she was only 13 years old! But what did she miss most when she away in Brazil? Find out as Naz asks Ellie some of your questions.
The Lotus Esprit sold for less than the guide price despite a bidding war between a woman in the auction room and a telephone bidder who took the prized collector's piece. The car, said to be fully operational,  was used in the underwater scene of the 1977 film starring Roger Moore as 007. After filming it toured various car shows before being stored in New York. It was sold at RM Auctions in Battersea, south-west London, for less than the estimated price of between £650,000 and £950,000. In had previously been auctioned as a blind lot in 1989. Peter Haynes, from the auction house, said: "Bearing in mind it is not a car that can be driven on the road, the price just goes to prove the draw that all Bond-related memorabilia has."
10 February 2016 Last updated at 11:36 GMT Well for 9-year-old George that dream came true when he was allowed on to the pitch at Everton and slotted home a cheeky goal. George has cerebral palsy, a condition which affects how your muscles work. Now he's beaten his idols to take the prize for the best goal of the month. George himself became the fan's favourite when Everton supporters voted his goal as the best. "I never thought I would win. I thought I'd come close because of all the support I've had but I can't believe I won!" said George when he found out. "Thank you so much to everyone who voted for me." See his award winning performance.
Nathan Saunders, 23, from Tredegar, Blaenau Gwent, faces five charges of possessing a record of a kind likely to be useful to a person committing or preparing an act of terrorism. Mr Saunders made his first appearance before the Old Bailey on Thursday. He was remanded in custody. When he was arrested on 8 February, four issues of the IS publication Rumiyah were allegedly found on his phone as well as a copy of the Anarchist Cookbook. Mr Justice Holroyde set a timetable for the case and ordered it to be heard by Judge Richard Marks QC at the Old Bailey. A plea and case management hearing was set for 9 June with a provisional seven-day trial to start on 7 August.
Sir Howard Davies, the chairman of the Airports Commission, has decided to take further evidence on problems caused by air pollution. His decision comes after a Supreme Court ruling in April, ordering the UK to do more to improve air quality. The commission has already recommended three options for a new runway. The consultation will begin immediately and end on Friday 29 May. The final report was expected next month, but could now be delayed as a result of the consultation. The preferred options are: The Airports Commission began its inquiry three years ago, with the result being put off until after the general election.
The roof caved in at the reception area of the Charlotte Maxeke state hospital as construction work was under way to seal a leak, officials say. At least five people have been treated for minor injuries, including patients. Rain had hampered rescue work at the hospital, one of the country's biggest. One worker told the BBC: "I heard people screaming, saying: 'There are people under the rubble'." Another said: "There was a noise, I saw rubble and dust everywhere. I don't know how many people are under there." Stones had been moved onto the section of the roof that later collapsed, the main opposition Democratic Alliance party said. But a statement from the provincial department of health in Gauteng province said the cause of the collapse was still unknown. South Africa's Health Minister Aaron Motsoaledi says the hospital is expected to reopen on Friday.
The Shakespeare Birthplace Trust said it had spent 18 months preparing the site at New Place, Stratford-upon-Avon, in Warwickshire, and had now commenced work. The project will see the building of an exhibition centre, a new entrance and the restoration of the garden. The work is planned to end by 2016, the anniversary of Shakespeare's death. The trust has spent several months excavating Shakespeare's living quarters - an area that has never previously been examined. A contractor has now been appointed to carry out the rest of the work, including the restoration of the sunken Knot Garden. Julie Crawshaw, project manager, said: "After 18 months of meticulous planning and consulting, the hard work now begins. "With less than a year to go until opening, all hands are on deck to ensure the project runs to schedule, and work is carried out with minimum disruption." The project is being supported by the Heritage Lottery Fund and Historic England.
The bag was one of 13, holding a total of NZ$10m, being sent to the Bank of China in Hong Kong from New Zealand, Chinese media say. Police are treating the case as theft, they add. Surveillance footage reportedly shows three unsecured bags falling from a trailer as it turns a corner. When staff realised the bags were missing 10 minutes later, they are said to have returned to the scene but could only recover two of them. A statement by the airline said: "Cathay Pacific transported a valuable cargo shipment last Friday night to Hong Kong. "Upon arrival, it was transferred to the cargo terminal where part of the shipment was found missing. As the case is under police investigation, we are unable to provide further details." G4S International Logistics, that was transporting the money to the Bank of China, said the money was safe until it entered the controlled airside section of the airport - a section to which their staff have no access. The money was insured, the company said.
A 25-year-old man was attacked from behind in Lachlan Crescent in Linburn, Erskine at about 05:50 on Friday. The attacker, a heavily-built man, then escaped in a car in the direction of Old Greenock Road. The injured man was taken by ambulance to the Royal Alexandra Hospital in Paisley where he was treated for facial lacerations. The getaway car is thought to have been a Nissan Qashqai or Nissan Juke. The suspect has been described by police as about 5'10", of heavy build. He was wearing a dark hooded top with the hood up. Det Con Derek Johnston said: "This appears to have been a targeted attack and enquiries are being carried out to establish a motive for this assault, and of course trace the man responsible."
Jordan Kavanagh, 21, from Clon Elagh in the Skeoge area, was among a crowd that threw stones and bottles at police lines at the Lecky Road last August. A prosecuting solicitor said that the rioting took place as police provided protection for army technical officers. The solicitor said it turned out to be a "viable improvised explosive device". A defence solicitor said the defendant was so drunk he could not remember being there. The district judge said Kavanagh was under a number of suspended sentences at the time of his riotous behaviour. Kavanagh was released on bail, pending an appeal.
The 35-year-old former Aberdeen and Dunfermline midfielder has spent the last three seasons at Alloa. And he will be assisted by Sandy Clark, who occupied the same role at Kilmarnock last season. Ward was made manager in May 2013, having been the assistant coach, and signed a new contract in April after an impressive Scottish Cup run. Rovers, who finished seventh in League Two, reached the quarter-finals and drew with Rangers at Ibrox before losing out in a replay. "The board have decided to end the club's contract with James Ward," the club said via a brief statement. "We thank him for his contribution and wish him every success for the future."
Darren Neil McCormack, 35, pleaded guilty at a Jersey Royal Court sitting held held in the Magistrates' Court building. He will be back in court on 8 January for sentencing after reports have been prepared for the judge. Mr Chevalier, 46, was discovered in his flat in Duhamel Place, St Helier, with "extensive" injuries.
The country's tax office has passed a file to prosecutors, who will decide whether to press charges against the Portuguese Real Madrid striker. Reports in Spain say Ronaldo, 32, is suspected of defrauding 15m euros (£13m) between 2011 and 2014. In December, leaked documents suggested Ronaldo had avoided tax on income from image rights allegedly held in offshore accounts. He denied the claims. Manchester United manager Jose Mourinho was also implicated in those claims - published after an international consortium of journalists obtained a trove of about 18 million documents. He also denied the claims. On Wednesday, Spain's Supreme Court confirmed a 21-month jail term handed down last year to Lionel Messi - but the Barcelona and Argentina forward is unlikely to go to prison. Messi and his father Jorge, who manages his finances, were both convicted in 2016 of defrauding Spain of 4.1m euros (£3.5m) in taxes.
In a tradition as established as turkey curry on Boxing Day, swims were held across Wales, including Saundersfoot in Pembrokeshire, Barry, Vale of Glamorgan, and Abersoch in Gwynedd. However, high winds meant the dip in Morfa Nefyn, Gwynedd, was cancelled. Abersoch RNLI chairman, Phill Brown said the swim was "well supported by dippers and spectators alike". Organisers of the Morfa Nefyn swim said it would be rearranged for Easter. Barry organisers said between 400 and 500 people braved the cold water, with 1,856 taking part in Saundersfoot and a further 500 in Abersoch. Saundersfoot Festivities chairman Martyn Williams said: "The village and wider community has done us proud again. We could not have conceived 33 years ago we would be here now hosting such a major event." A spokeswoman for the swim in Barry said: "It was brilliant."
Media playback is unsupported on your device 10 August 2015 Last updated at 17:55 BST It was part of a protest, because they say that they're not being paid enough for milk. The British Retail Consortium say that supermarkets are paying a fair price. But farmers argue that it costs them more to produce the milk than what they're paid for it, so they end up loosing money. Martin went to meet Hannah, who lives on a diary farm in Cheshire, to find out more.
The costume is on sale at Don Quijote Co for about 5,000 yen (Â£38; $60) in at least two stores in Tokyo. The Simon Wiesenthal Center in Los Angeles sent a letter on Monday, requesting the costume be withdrawn from sale immediately. The Nazis killed millions of Jews and others during World War II. The centre added the swastika featured on the costume remained a "symbol of hatred". "We want to fully respond to this letter from the centre and are currently working within the company to do so," a  company spokeswoman in Tokyo told the Associated Press news agency. Aico, the Japanese party goods maker who has made the costume for seven years, says it has never had a complaint. "This was meant purely as a joke, as something that would easily be recognisable. If we have complaints, we will certainly stop sales," a company spokesman said.
Bangor's Pontio, which is part of the university, was due to open over a year ago but had been blighted by delays and rising costs. It starts showing the new film about Apple co-founder Steve Jobs, directed by Bangor University graduate, Danny Boyle, from Tuesday. The £50m centre has a theatre, bars, restaurant and business spaces. "It's the beginning of another journey," said Pontio artistic director Elen ap Robert. "The cinema is back in Bangor at last. Hallelujah. That's something we are all looking forward to." The centre, which held an open day at the weekend, replaces the former Theatr Gwynedd which closed in October 2008.
The 20 clubs had spent the sum by the end of Wednesday, beating the previous record of £1.165bn set last summer. This summer has seen Manchester United pay Everton an initial £75m for striker Romelu Lukaku, while Chelsea paid Real Madrid £70m for Alvaro Morata. At the same stage last year, clubs had spent £865m. "The level of transfer expenditure in this summer's window has been extraordinary," said Deloitte consultant Chris Stenson. "But when analysed in the context of record broadcast, commercial and matchday revenues, Premier League clubs are spending within their means. "We expect further significant expenditure in the next seven days as clubs seek value in the market. "Last summer, Premier League clubs spent around £300m in the final week of the window, more than they did throughout the entire January 2017 window."
The 33-year-old Pakistan international's last appearance in English football was for the Bantams in November 2010. He has since had spells in Thailand, Hong Kong and Malaysia, most recently with Super League side Pahang FA. "I've spent six years and clocked up over 200 games overseas, so it's good to be back in England," he said. Centre-back Rehman becomes the League One side's second signing of the week, following the arrival of midfielder Ollie Muldoon on Tuesday. Find all the latest football transfers on our dedicated page.
Speaking to conservative activists, he said: "I'm leaving the campaign trail." Dr Carson, a surgeon, had been an early front-runner but his campaign stalled in recent months after he performed badly on foreign affairs and questions about his background story. He has not said which of the remaining four candidates he plans to endorse in the race for the Republican nomination.
The local authority said it has received complaints about public transport links to Ullapool for onward journey by ferry to Stornoway, Lewis. It said the grievances were mostly about difficulties getting seats on busy buses and then missing the ferry. It has begun looking at the possibility of putting on its own service. Council convener Norman MacDonald said many of those affected were tourists who travel to Inverness to make the journey north west to Ullapool, and then to Stornoway. He said: "Having travelled a long distance to Inverness they are then stranded there or pay up to Â£100 for a taxi to Ullapool."